[Music]
this guy fits the bureau's profile to a
tee inconspicuous covers his tracks
never leaves a witness so how did Orion
find him before we did and I was right
about you Harold next offer I'm full
into it cuz I wouldn't want to do this
at 70 miles an hour
moons indicate he was strangled from
behind after an extensive search of hair
all day specs property we found the
remains of nine people
this man is targeting serial killers
you're telling me this guy kicks off
scumbag and you realize how insane that
is what if it is Special Agent Benjamin
O'Reilly FBI ever heard of a project
called Icarus its agents trained to see
distant locations using nothing but the
mind they call a remote viewing they use
it to track down serial killers we did
it right you got it all it sounded the
way it smelled we saw things men
shouldn't see evil darkness we were
plugged right into it that's when we
lost it no one told us how to turn them
imagine that serial killer that could
cross the entire country without ever
getting caught someone called suspect
zero I think we've got an
obsessive-compulsive here what if there
really is a suspect Sierra and Orion is
the one guy who's got a shot out how do
we know he isn't the guy could Orion the
suspect zero I don't think you're gonna
know until you find all right
you're fired
you
[Music]